It is said that the fae lord Filipov, who was deeply trusted by the White Emperor, once said that all humans desired to be deceived.
From the nobles who feign a sacrifice in their lavishness for the people, to the peasants who suffered from hunger and cold,
both tend to believe the narratives that spared them from facing the truth.
Hence in some ways, hope is nothing more than despair's trick, a sweet venom that dulls the pain.

According to the tales that circulate in Nasha Town today, the master thief is the world's most skilled trickster,
Among the countless legends that are difficult to distinguish between truth and falsehood, their greatest anecdotes are always laced with lies.
He outwitted the Northland's most elite guards with a fake medallion and emptied the governor's palace,
Later, disguised as a special envoy of the Tsar on a secret inspection, he squeezed the entire treasury out of Viscount Speckin for his hospitality.
In the popular comedy "The Lords in the Polyfir Family" staged by the Korolevskiy Troupe,
The master thief, in one of his fleeting appearances, posed before the nobles as a holy man who could hear the spirits,
pretending to listen to their confessions, then weaved their dirty secrets into ballads,
had the bards spread them from tavern to street, so that the weary commoners could laugh out loud.

But before these enchanting, unsubstantiated anecdotes became a public spectacle,
the master thief who never lied gave his silver-blooded partner a simple vow:
he promised to never put himself in danger, and to never break his word.

"Don't you worry about me, Alia. Don't weep for a future that has yet to arrive."
"I know you have your doubts about my friend. but please trust my plan for now."
"Don't you worry about me, Alia. If I am indeed the prophesied Ruler of Elysium."
"Then no fate in this world can tear me from the brothers I hold dear."

Those were the last words the master thief left behind in this world.
If only the girl who accompanied him could be like his gloomy little sister,
watching the silver thread come to its end, that moment would surely...

Time, however, never granted him that moment. Even that regret,
tangled with guilt for his friends, would climb the gallows with the master thief,
the memory of a face she'd long since hidden behind a mask.

"Laugh at their fearful lies, my brother. For they cannot kill Reed Miller, the master thief."
"One crow fell to their arrow, but with tomorrow's light, a hundred more will rise to carry my name."